bytecode/mapping/evidence/verified/TextClass_ZTQFNQRH.md, before:

# Evidence: TextClass → ZTQFNQRH

## **CLASS IDENTIFICATION**
- **Obfuscated Name**: ZTQFNQRH
- **Deobfuscated Name**: TextClass
- **Confidence**: 100% (IRREFUTABLE EVIDENCE)
- **Date Identified**: January 8, 2026

## **PRIMARY FORENSIC EVIDENCE**

### **1. Base-37 Hashing Algorithm (IRREFUTABLE)**
The bytecode contains the exact RuneScape base-37 string hashing algorithm:

```
public static long a(java.lang.String);          // longForName(String s)
   Code:
      0: getstatic     #138                       // Field MBMGIXGO.L:Z (debug flag)
      3: istore        5
      5: lconst_0                                  // Initialize hash = 0
      6: lstore_1
      7: iconst_0                                  // Initialize index = 0
      8: istore_3
      9: iload         5
     11: ifeq          116
     14: aload_0                                   // Load string
     15: iload_3                                   // Load current index
     16: invokevirtual #29                         // String.charAt(index)
     19: istore        4                           // Store character
     21: lload_1                                   // Load current hash
     22: ldc2_w        #44                         // long 37l (BASE-37 MULTIPLIER)
     25: lmul                                     // hash *= 37
     26: lstore_1                                  // Store result
     27: iload         4                           // Load character
     29: bipush        65                          // 'A' (65)
     31: if_icmplt     57                          // if char < 'A'
     34: iload         4
     36: bipush        90                          // 'Z' (90)
     38: if_icmpgt     57                          // if char > 'Z'
     41: lload_1                                   // hash += (char + 1) - 'A'
     42: iconst_1
     43: iload         4
     45: iadd
     46: bipush        65
     48: isub
     49: i2l
     50: ladd
     51: lstore_1
     ... (similar logic for a-z and 0-9 ranges)
```

**Character Mapping:**
- **A-Z (65-90)**: `(char + 1) - 65` → values 1-26
- **a-z (97-122)**: `(char + 1) - 97` → values 1-26
- **0-9 (48-57)**: `(char + 27) - 48` → values 27-36

### **2. Invalid Name Boundary Check**
```
   22: ldc2_w        #50                         // long 6582952005840035281l
   25: lcmp                                      // Compare with max valid hash
   26: iflt          32
   29: ldc           #10                         // String invalid_name
```

**Magic Constant**: `6582952005840035281L` (0x5b5b57f8a98a5dd1L) - Maximum valid name hash

### **3. Modulo-37 Validation**
```
   142: ldc2_w        #44                         // long 37l
   145: lrem                                     // hash % 37
   146: lconst_0
   147: lcmp
   148: ifne          157                         // if hash % 37 != 0
   ... (invalid name handling)
```

### **4. Character Array Structure**
The class contains a character array for reverse lookup:
```
private static final char[] e;                    // validChars array
```

## **SOURCE CODE CORRELATION**

### **TextClass.java Reference:**
```java
final class TextClass {
    public static long longForName(String s) {
        long l = 0L;
        for (int i = 0; i < s.length() && i < 12; i++) {
            char c = s.charAt(i);
            l *= 37L;                             // Base-37 multiplication
            if (c >= 'A' && c <= 'Z') l += (1 + c) - 65;
            else if (c >= 'a' && c <= 'z') l += (1 + c) - 97;
            else if (c >= '0' && c <= '9') l += (27 + c) - 48;
        }
        for (; l % 37L == 0L && l != 0L; l /= 37L); // Remove trailing zeros
        return l;
    }

    public static String nameForLong(long l) {
        try {
            if (l <= 0L || l >= 0x5b5b57f8a98a5dd1L) return "invalid_name";
            if (l % 37L == 0L) return "invalid_name";
            // ... reverse algorithm
        }
        // ... error handling with "81570" error code
    }
}
```

## Bytecode Evidence Commands
To show hashing algorithm:
```
grep -A 20 -B 5 "ldc2_w.*37" bytecode/client/ZTQFNQRH.bytecode.txt
```

To show character mapping:
```
grep -A 15 -B 5 "bipush.*65" bytecode/client/ZTQFNQRH.bytecode.txt
```

To show base-37 validation:
```
grep -A 10 -B 5 "lrem" bytecode/client/ZTQFNQRH.bytecode.txt
```

## Deobfuscated Source Evidence Commands
For longForName method:
```
grep -A 20 "public static long longForName" srcAllDummysRemoved/src/TextClass.java
```

For nameForLong method:
```
grep -A 15 "public static String nameForLong" srcAllDummysRemoved/src/TextClass.java
```

## Javap Cache Evidence Commands
For longForName:
```
grep -A 20 "public static long longForName" srcAllDummysRemoved/.javap_cache/TextClass.javap.cache
```

For nameForLong:
```
grep -A 15 "public static java.lang.String nameForLong" srcAllDummysRemoved/.javap_cache/TextClass.javap.cache
```

## Verification of Non-Contradictory Evidence
Bytecode matches source/javap in base-37 hashing, character mappings, validation. No contradictions. 1:1 mapping confirmed.

## **UNIQUE IDENTIFIERS**
- **Base-37 Algorithm**: Unique to RuneScape text processing
- **Character Ranges**: A-Z, a-z, 0-9 with specific offsets
- **Magic Constants**: 37L multiplier, 6582952005840035281L boundary
- **Error Code**: "81570" in exception handling

## **MAPPING CONFIDENCE**
**100% CONFIDENCE** - The base-37 hashing algorithm with specific character mappings is unique to RuneScape and cannot belong to any other class. This is cryptographic-grade evidence.

## **IMPACT**
- Core text processing system used throughout the client
- Essential for username validation, chat filtering, item names
- Enables proper deobfuscation of all text-related functionality</content>
<parameter name="filePath">bytecode/mapping/evidence/verified/ZTQFNQRH_TEXTCLASS.md

Commit message:

deleted:    bytecode/mapping/docs/MBMGIXGO_CONFLICT_RESOLUTION.md

bytecode/mapping/evidence/verified/TextClass_ZTQFNQRH.md, after:

# Evidence: TextClass → ZTQFNQRH

## Class Overview

**TextClass** implements RuneScape's unique base-37 string hashing algorithm that provides bi-directional conversion between string names and long integer representations. The class contains character mapping functions for A-Z, a-z, and 0-9 ranges with specific offset calculations, validation boundaries, and reverse lookup capabilities. It serves as the fundamental text processing system used throughout the client for username validation, chat filtering, item names, and all text-related operations.

The class provides comprehensive text processing functionality:
- **Base-37 Hashing**: Implements unique RuneScape algorithm converting strings to long integers using base-37 multiplication
- **Character Mapping**: Maps A-Z (1-26), a-z (1-26), and 0-9 (27-36) with specific offset calculations
- **Validation System**: Checks for invalid names using boundary constants and modulo-37 validation
- **Reverse Operations**: Provides nameForLong method to convert long hashes back to string representations

## Architecture Role
TextClass serves as the fundamental text processing foundation for RuneScape's entire client architecture, providing bi-directional string conversion capabilities used throughout the game. The class integrates with network systems for username validation, works with chat systems for message processing, and supports all game components requiring efficient text storage and manipulation. TextClass acts as the universal text encoding/decoding system that enables compact storage and fast lookup of text-based game data.

```mermaid
classDiagram
    TextClass --> Network Systems
    TextClass --> Chat Systems
    TextClass --> Item Management
    TextClass --> Player Management
    Network Systems --> TextClass : username validation
    Chat Systems --> TextClass : message processing
    Item Management --> TextClass : name storage
    TextClass : +longForName(String) long
    TextClass : +nameForLong(long) String
    TextClass : -base-37 hashing algorithm
    TextClass : -character mapping arrays
```

## **CLASS IDENTIFICATION**
- **Obfuscated Name**: ZTQFNQRH
- **Deobfuscated Name**: TextClass
- **Confidence**: 100% (IRREFUTABLE EVIDENCE)
- **Date Identified**: January 8, 2026

## **PRIMARY FORENSIC EVIDENCE**

### **1. Base-37 Hashing Algorithm (IRREFUTABLE)**
The bytecode contains the exact RuneScape base-37 string hashing algorithm:

```
public static long a(java.lang.String);          // longForName(String s)
   Code:
      0: getstatic     #138                       // Field MBMGIXGO.L:Z (debug flag)
      3: istore        5
      5: lconst_0                                  // Initialize hash = 0
      6: lstore_1
      7: iconst_0                                  // Initialize index = 0
      8: istore_3
      9: iload         5
     11: ifeq          116
     14: aload_0                                   // Load string
     15: iload_3                                   // Load current index
     16: invokevirtual #29                         // String.charAt(index)
     19: istore        4                           // Store character
     21: lload_1                                   // Load current hash
     22: ldc2_w        #44                         // long 37l (BASE-37 MULTIPLIER)
     25: lmul                                     // hash *= 37
     26: lstore_1                                  // Store result
     27: iload         4                           // Load character
     29: bipush        65                          // 'A' (65)
     31: if_icmplt     57                          // if char < 'A'
     34: iload         4
     36: bipush        90                          // 'Z' (90)
     38: if_icmpgt     57                          // if char > 'Z'
     41: lload_1                                   // hash += (char + 1) - 'A'
     42: iconst_1
     43: iload         4
     45: iadd
     46: bipush        65
     48: isub
     49: i2l
     50: ladd
     51: lstore_1
     ... (similar logic for a-z and 0-9 ranges)
```

**Character Mapping:**
- **A-Z (65-90)**: `(char + 1) - 65` → values 1-26
- **a-z (97-122)**: `(char + 1) - 97` → values 1-26
- **0-9 (48-57)**: `(char + 27) - 48` → values 27-36

### **2. Invalid Name Boundary Check**
```
   22: ldc2_w        #50                         // long 6582952005840035281l
   25: lcmp                                      // Compare with max valid hash
   26: iflt          32
   29: ldc           #10                         // String invalid_name
```

**Magic Constant**: `6582952005840035281L` (0x5b5b57f8a98a5dd1L) - Maximum valid name hash

### **3. Modulo-37 Validation**
```
   142: ldc2_w        #44                         // long 37l
   145: lrem                                     // hash % 37
   146: lconst_0
   147: lcmp
   148: ifne          157                         // if hash % 37 != 0
   ... (invalid name handling)
```

### **4. Character Array Structure**
The class contains a character array for reverse lookup:
```
private static final char[] e;                    // validChars array
```

## **SOURCE CODE CORRELATION**

### **TextClass.java Reference:**
```java
final class TextClass {
    public static long longForName(String s) {
        long l = 0L;
        for (int i = 0; i < s.length() && i < 12; i++) {
            char c = s.charAt(i);
            l *= 37L;                             // Base-37 multiplication
            if (c >= 'A' && c <= 'Z') l += (1 + c) - 65;
            else if (c >= 'a' && c <= 'z') l += (1 + c) - 97;
            else if (c >= '0' && c <= '9') l += (27 + c) - 48;
        }
        for (; l % 37L == 0L && l != 0L; l /= 37L); // Remove trailing zeros
        return l;
    }

    public static String nameForLong(long l) {
        try {
            if (l <= 0L || l >= 0x5b5b57f8a98a5dd1L) return "invalid_name";
            if (l % 37L == 0L) return "invalid_name";
            // ... reverse algorithm
        }
        // ... error handling with "81570" error code
    }
}
```

## Bytecode Evidence Commands
To show hashing algorithm:
```
grep -A 20 -B 5 "ldc2_w.*37" bytecode/client/ZTQFNQRH.bytecode.txt
```

To show character mapping:
```
grep -A 15 -B 5 "bipush.*65" bytecode/client/ZTQFNQRH.bytecode.txt
```

To show base-37 validation:
```
grep -A 10 -B 5 "lrem" bytecode/client/ZTQFNQRH.bytecode.txt
```

## Deobfuscated Source Evidence Commands
For longForName method:
```
grep -A 20 "public static long longForName" srcAllDummysRemoved/src/TextClass.java
```

For nameForLong method:
```
grep -A 15 "public static String nameForLong" srcAllDummysRemoved/src/TextClass.java
```

## Javap Cache Evidence Commands
For longForName:
```
grep -A 20 "public static long longForName" srcAllDummysRemoved/.javap_cache/TextClass.javap.cache
```

For nameForLong:
```
grep -A 15 "public static java.lang.String nameForLong" srcAllDummysRemoved/.javap_cache/TextClass.javap.cache
```

## Verification of Non-Contradictory Evidence
Bytecode matches source/javap in base-37 hashing, character mappings, validation. No contradictions. 1:1 mapping confirmed.

## **UNIQUE IDENTIFIERS**
- **Base-37 Algorithm**: Unique to RuneScape text processing
- **Character Ranges**: A-Z, a-z, 0-9 with specific offsets
- **Magic Constants**: 37L multiplier, 6582952005840035281L boundary
- **Error Code**: "81570" in exception handling

## **MAPPING CONFIDENCE**
**100% CONFIDENCE** - The base-37 hashing algorithm with specific character mappings is unique to RuneScape and cannot belong to any other class. This is cryptographic-grade evidence.

## **IMPACT**
- Core text processing system used throughout the client
- Essential for username validation, chat filtering, item names
- Enables proper deobfuscation of all text-related functionality</content>
<parameter name="filePath">bytecode/mapping/evidence/verified/ZTQFNQRH_TEXTCLASS.md
